today's dentistry there are many options
of dealing with a disability of not
having teeth a denture is not a
substitute for teeth it's a substitute
for no teeth and the Durbeyfield denture
in particular is a sophisticated and
analytical approach to get your
fabrication most of the patients say I
wished I had to something about this
years ago
I wished I had come here before I wished
I hadn't gone through the treatment I
just finished I had a terrible time they
wouldn't stay in I had to move put some
glue stuff India and constantly wiggling
gets the worst underneath it was just
horrible for 10 years I couldn't you
couldn't eat right that fall even if I
put stuff in them to make him stay in
the wood steak difference between the
turkey fell technique and the standard
technique of making attention is the
fact that we make two sets of dentures
the first one being a diagnostic denture
when we work out the problems and then
the finalized denture is
based upon the diagnostic denture we
rarely have patients back in for for
source files or adjustments because
that's been worked out in the diagnostic
denture heat anything are going to but
couldn't with the pinches it just is
it's a hundred percent improvement have
they improved it well see I smile better
I can eat better I don't have to wear a
lot of goop in it even when I go out
because they stay in place I would think
that if anybody's having problems with
their teeth they have their false to
shop around and they wanted to but I had
heard about dr. wide through the country
club that I live in and I just called
him up it's made an appointment to see
him and it was the best thing I ever
done
really